docs: Deploy to playstore (#6448)
artsy/eigen: docs/deploy_to_play_store.md

> ## Preparing to Ship a Final Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ship a Final Version
```

1. Checkout to the release branch (eg - release/7.3.1)
1. Run `./scripts/promote-beta-to-submission-android`. This will submit the **most recent beta** for Playstore Store review

> ## Release to Play Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check on Play Store Release
```
Since these are released automatically better to rename this section

> Our Play Store releases are done manually and are available to users **immediately**. Google might review the app later, but it's not a requirement to publish a release. Don't release unless you are available over the next few hours to monitor Sentry for errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Play Store releases are released **automatically** once reviewed. Don't release unless you are available over the next few hours to monitor Sentry for errors.
```
